Add theme categories to web store docs. (#7177)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/webstore/best_practices/index.md

title: Best Practices
seoTitle: Best Practices for Chrome extensions
date: 2017-08-30

> updated: 2023-08-29

Author: ```suggestion
updated: 2023-09-29
```

### Choose your extension's category well {: #choose-category-well}

> The developer console asks you specify a category for your extension. Choose the most appropriate category:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The developer console requires you to specify a category for your extension. Choose the most appropriate category:
```

  * Travel
  * Well-being

### Choose your theme's category well {: #choose-theme-category-well}

The developer console also asks you specify a category for your theme. Choose the most appropriate category:

Artist Series
: Themes in collections curated by Google.

Animals

> : Themes featuring your favorite animals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Themes inspired by animals.
```

Art & Design
: Themes build merely to make your browser look pretty.

Cars

> : Themes featuring current and classic cars.

Reviewer: Did these come from some official, already-public definitions or is there scope to change them? Some of them feel a bit weird, e.g with this one - what if I want to feature future cars? Also what if I'm just using the color theme of a car brand but not actually featuring a specific car? They seem too limiting, and I think something like "Themes relating to cars, such as classic or current cars" would be better.

Reviewer: Got it. I left some suggestions :)

> : Themes featuring current and classic cars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Themes relating to cars, such as current and classic cars.
```

Colors
: Themes that skin your brwoser in custom colors.

Dark & Black
: Themes that feature dark colors and imagry.

Entertainment

> : Themes with images of popular television and film franchises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Themes inspired by popular entertainment, such as television and film franchises.
```

Games & Anime
: Themes that feature popular video games and anime.

Minimalist
: Themes that simplify the look of your browser.

Nature & Landscapes
: Themes that feature the great outdoors.

Space

> : Themes that show images of outer space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Themes inspired by space.
```
